1. Why is cloud agility important for businesses?
Ans:To enable the ability to rapidly develop, test and launch software applications that drive business growth.
Explanation: Cloud agility is tied to the rapid provisioning of computer resources. Cloud environments can usually provide new compute instances or storage in minutes, 
a far cry from the very common weeks (or months, in some organizations) the same provisioning process can take in typical IT shops.


2. What is a benefit of a hybrid cloud approach?
Ans: It enables companies to use a mix of private and public cloud components.
Explanation: A hybrid cloud model is the best of private and public cloud that can be used to avoid disruptions and outages, 
adhere to regulation and governance, span solutions across both public and private cloud, and alleviate CapEx investments.

3.What is consumption-based pricing on Azure?
Ans: Consumption-based pricing is when you are charged for only what you use (Pay-As-You-Go rate).
Explanation: Consumption-based pricing is indeed when you are charged for only what you use (Pay-As-You-Go rate). 
Consumption-based pricing is not limited to free accounts and the services are not necessarily consumed all the time.

4. Select all the true statements per Microsoft's definitions of cloud types.
Ans: a) A hybrid cloud combines a public cloud (such as Azure) with on-premises infrastructure (private cloud).
     b) In Private Clouds, services and infrastructure are always maintained on a private network and the hardware and software are dedicated solely to your organization.
     c) Private Clouds can be hosted at your datacenter or hosted by a third-party service. Private Clouds offer advantages of flexibility, control, and scalability.
     
Explanation: Microsoft defines hybrid cloud as combining a public cloud (such as Azure) with on-premises infrastructure (private cloud).

A private cloud consists of cloud computing resources used exclusively by one business or organization. 
The private cloud can be physically located at your organization’s on-site datacenter, or it can be hosted by a third-party service provider.
But in a private cloud, the services and infrastructure are always maintained on a private network and the hardware and software are dedicated solely to your organization. What is a private cloud?

Microsoft defines Private Clouds as being able to be hosted at your datacenter or hosted by a third-party service. 
Microsoft considers Private Clouds as offering more flexibility, control, and scalability.


5. What is the difference between OPEX and CAPEX?
Ans: OPEX is an ongoing cost for running a business. CAPEX is the cost of acquiring and maintaining assets.
Explanation: Knowing the difference between OPEX and CAPEX is critical to get the best value out of Azure for your company. 
Capital Expenditures (CAPEX) generally result in the acquisition and maintenance of assets, such as server hardware. 
Operating Expenditures (OPEX) are the ongoing costs of running a business, such as paying for cloud services on a recurring basis. 
By moving costs to OPEX, businesses can plan for ongoing costs rather than large investments.


6. What are the two types of scaling on Azure?
Ans: Scaling up/down, and scaling out.
Explanation: Scaling up/down is making a resource, such as a VM, larger or smaller. 
This is also known as "Scaling vertically." Scaling out is adding more resources of the same type, known as "Scaling horizontally."


7. Which cloud ability does elasticity describe?
Ans: The ability to quickly expand or decrease computer processing, memory and storage resources.
Explanation: Elasticity is a core benefit of cloud computing and lets even small businesses take advantage of the cloud.



8. Elasticity is a core benefit of cloud computing and lets even small businesses take advantage of the cloud.
Ans: If one resource on Azure dies unexpectedly, another resource will almost instantly take over the workload.
Explanation: While Azure has more resources than most of our own companies, it's resources are not infinite; they just have enough to keep ahead of demand.
High availability is one of the core benefits of using cloud computing. It ensures that backup resources are ready to take over any workload.



9. What is "serverless" computing?
Ans: It enables developers to build applications faster by eliminating the need for them to manage infrastructure.
Explanation: In a serverless environment, you only have control over the code you're executing. Platform as a service (PaaS) is 
a complete development and deployment environment in the cloud,
with resources that enable you to deliver everything from simple cloud-based apps to sophisticated, cloud-enabled enterprise applications.

Serverless computing solutions provide a simple way to create manageable and scalable solutions at low costs. 
There is always a server somewhere to run your application, but you don't control it. Serverless is a kind of extreme PaaS.



10. What does Infrastructure-as-a-Service describe?
Ans: A type of cloud computing service that offers essential compute, storage and networking resources on demand, on a pay-as-you-go basis.
Explanation: Infrastructure as a service (IaaS) is a type of cloud computing service that offers essential compute, storage and networking resources on demand, 
on a pay-as-you-go basis. IaaS lets you bypass the cost and complexity of buying and managing physical servers and data center infrastructure. 
Each resource is offered as a separate service component, and you only pay for a particular resource for as long as you need it. Reference: What is IaaS?.



11. What's the best definition for Scalability on Azure?
Ans: Scalability is the ability of a system to handle increased load. Services covered by Azure Autoscale can scale automatically to match demand to accommodate workload.
Explanation: Scalability is a core benefit of cloud computing, and allows any application to add resources almost instantly as demand increases. 
Scalability is not working across regions, but rather within the same application.


12. What does fault tolerance describe for cloud computing?
Ans: Ensure services and applications remain available in the event of a failure.
Explanation: Fault tolerance means that a failure can occur on Azure services and applications, but it will not affect its availability.


